this is the final resting place for 80
Palestinians in another Mass grave in
Gaza Israel transferred the bodies to
authorities in Gaza via the K Abu salm
crossing the truck carrying the remains
making its way through the streets of
rafah to the
cemetery a bulldozer slowly lowering
them
down we received a container with
several people inside some complete
entire corpses and others dismembered
some were already decomposed we can't
open the container because we are in a
residential area we move the container
directly to the graveyard we will
document all the bodies and file a case
against the Israelis on charges of war
crimes many of the bodies are badly
decomposed apparently there are around
80 people inside but we were unable to
open the container because of the strong
smell and to avoid spreading diseases in
the
area the Raa Health Emergency committee
says attempts will be made to identify
them later if
possible the committee has been informed
about the bodies that arrived to the
Karam Abu Salam crossing the committee
received them and will bury them in this
Mass
grave volunteers lent a hand and came to
pay their final respects
another Mass grave and yet more
Palestinians whose names may never be
known their identities is lost in a war
with unprecedented death tall hanim
Mahmud Al jazer Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer